1287740004
Ability	/home/niklas/service/app/models/ability.rb	class Ability
AddAttachmentAssetToArticle	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20101003194839_add_attachment_asset_to_article.rb	class AddAttachmentAssetToArticle 
AddAttachmentAssetToUser	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20101011133013_add_attachment_asset_to_user.rb	class AddAttachmentAssetToUser 
AddSessionsTable	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20100922214136_add_sessions_table.rb	class AddSessionsTable 
AddUserNameAndRoleToUser	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20101011085304_add_user_name_and_role_to_user.rb	class AddUserNameAndRoleToUser 
Application	/home/niklas/service/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/niklas/service/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Article	/home/niklas/service/app/models/article.rb	class Article 
ArticleTest	/home/niklas/service/test/unit/article_test.rb	class ArticleTest 
ArticlesController	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/admin/articles_controller.rb	class Admin::ArticlesController 
ArticlesController	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	class ArticlesController 
ArticlesControllerTest	/home/niklas/service/test/functional/articles_controller_test.rb	class ArticlesControllerTest 
ArticlesHelper	/home/niklas/service/app/helpers/articles_helper.rb	module ArticlesHelper
ArticlesHelperTest	/home/niklas/service/test/unit/helpers/articles_helper_test.rb	class ArticlesHelperTest 
BrowsingTest	/home/niklas/service/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateArticles	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20100922193017_create_articles.rb	class CreateArticles 
DeviseCreateUsers	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20101005200746_devise_create_users.rb	class DeviseCreateUsers 
PagesController	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	class PagesController 
PagesControllerTest	/home/niklas/service/test/functional/pages_controller_test.rb	class PagesControllerTest 
PagesHelper	/home/niklas/service/app/helpers/pages_helper.rb	module PagesHelper
PagesHelperTest	/home/niklas/service/test/unit/helpers/pages_helper_test.rb	class PagesHelperTest 
Service	/home/niklas/service/config/application.rb	module Service
TestCase	/home/niklas/service/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/home/niklas/service/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserController	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/admin/user_controller.rb	class Admin::UserController 
UserController	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/user_controller.rb	class UserController 
UserControllerTest	/home/niklas/service/test/functional/admin/user_controller_test.rb	class Admin::UserControllerTest 
UserControllerTest	/home/niklas/service/test/functional/user_controller_test.rb	class UserControllerTest 
UserHelper	/home/niklas/service/app/helpers/admin/user_helper.rb	module Admin::UserHelper
UserHelper	/home/niklas/service/app/helpers/user_helper.rb	module UserHelper
UserHelperTest	/home/niklas/service/test/unit/helpers/admin/user_helper_test.rb	class Admin::UserHelperTest 
UserHelperTest	/home/niklas/service/test/unit/helpers/user_helper_test.rb	class UserHelperTest 
UserTest	/home/niklas/service/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
convert	/home/niklas/service/app/models/article.rb	  def convert
convert_command	/home/niklas/service/app/models/article.rb	  def convert_command
create	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/admin/articles_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/admin/user_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/user_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/admin/articles_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/admin/user_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/user_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20100922193017_create_articles.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20100922214136_add_sessions_table.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20101003194839_add_attachment_asset_to_article.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20101005200746_devise_create_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20101011085304_add_user_name_and_role_to_user.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20101011133013_add_attachment_asset_to_user.rb	  def self.down
edit	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/admin/articles_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/admin/user_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/user_controller.rb	  def edit
grab_screenshot_from_video	/home/niklas/service/app/models/article.rb	  def grab_screenshot_from_video
index	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/admin/articles_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/admin/user_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/user_controller.rb	  def index
initialize	/home/niklas/service/app/models/ability.rb	  def initialize
movie?	/home/niklas/service/app/models/article.rb	  def movie?
new	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/admin/articles_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/admin/user_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/user_controller.rb	  def new
role?	/home/niklas/service/app/models/user.rb	  def role?
set_new_filename	/home/niklas/service/app/models/article.rb	  def set_new_filename
show	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/admin/articles_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/admin/user_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/user_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/niklas/service/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
up	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20100922193017_create_articles.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20100922214136_add_sessions_table.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20101003194839_add_attachment_asset_to_article.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20101005200746_devise_create_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20101011085304_add_user_name_and_role_to_user.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/niklas/service/db/migrate/20101011133013_add_attachment_asset_to_user.rb	  def self.up
update	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/admin/articles_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/admin/user_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/niklas/service/app/controllers/user_controller.rb	  def update
